Welcome to OpenCilk.

This prerelease version of OpenCilk is available as source code in
three git repositories.  You will need 1.5 GB of space for the source
code (mostly LLVM) plus 3 GB of space to build (total 4.5 GB).  You
will need a compiler capable of building LLVM.  Any compiler you are
likely to have installed on a modern multicore system should work.
This version only supports 64 bit x86 on Linux or FreeBSD.

Clone these repositories into sibling directories:

git clone -b opencilk/beta1 https://github.com/OpenCilk/infrastructure
git clone -b opencilk/beta1 https://github.com/OpenCilk/cheetah
git clone -b opencilk/beta1 --single-branch https://github.com/OpenCilk/opencilk-project

Run infrastructure/tools/build with two or three arguments.  The first
argument is the absolute pathname of the parent directory of the three
repositories.  The second argument is the pathname of a directory to
build OpenCilk.  The third argument, if present, tells the build
system how many parallel jobs to run.  Default parallelism is 10.

For example,

$ ...git clone as above...
$ infrastructure/tools/build `pwd` `pwd`/build 60

OpenCilk takes a few CPU-hours to build on a modern system -- less
than 10 minutes on a 24 core Ryzen.  It might take all day single
threaded on an older machine.  You can run the compiler out of its
build tree, adding "/bin/clang" to the build directory name.

The default build options assume you have a system with Intel's
Advanced Vector Extensions 2 ("AVX-2").  AVX-2 is available on Haswell
and newer Intel processors (starting 2013) and Excavator and newer AMD
processors (starting 2015).  If you need to run OpenCilk on an older
processor change ARCH in cheetah/config.mk to -mavx if you are on
Sandy Bridge or Steamroller or remove it for older chips.

